

Document
Purpose / Tips


Loan Application
This will be sent to you to complete online.


Copy of ID
Copy or picture of driver license or passport for all borrowers.


Entity Formation Document
Typically called the Articles of Incorporation or Certificate of Formation.


Entity Operating Agreement or Bylaws
LLCs use Operating Agreements, Corporations use Bylaws. Must be signed by all entity members and include the % of ownership for each.


Entity EIN Letter or W9 Form
If you don’t have a copy of the original EIN Letter, we’ll send you the W9.


Schedule of Real Estate Owned
Used to verify past property ownership experience. Must include the address, owner on title, estimated value, and date acquired.


Lease Agreements
Make sure to include all pages and signatures.


Proof of Rent Received / Rental Ledgers
Verifies that tenants are making their payments on time. Can be a bank statement showing rent deposits, or a ledger from a rental software.


Voided Check
Verifies the account that you will make loan payments from.


Two Months’ Bank Statements
Verifies available liquidity.


Original Settlement Statement (refinance only)
Verifies property ownership and acquisition price.


Purchase Contract (purchase only)
Please ensure the contract is signed and all addendums are included.


Payoff Statement (refinance only)
Typically the title company will request this from your lender as well.


Scope of Work (for recently renovated properties)
Used to determine how much $ has been spent on the property.

Additional documents that we will order:


Appraisal
The appraiser will contact you to complete the inspection.
Evidence of Insurance
We will order this directly from your insurance agent.
Credit Report
We use a soft pull and the middle of your three scores to price the loan.
Entity Certificate of Good Standing
Please ensure that your entity is in Good Standing with the state.
Background Report
Checks civil and criminal databases for any past activity.
Preliminary Title Report
Verifies the chain of ownership for the property and any liens.

